# AP-CSA-2021
*Hawaiian Words: I leanred how to implement string methods, by converting a string to an Array list back to a string. I gained a deeper understanding of how  methods to interact with eachother. First this code checks if the word inputed is a valid Hawaiian word through the is valid method. This code then goes through each letter that is inputed through the Scanner, and creates an array list that changes the vowel/constanents  based on the pronounciation. (this is found in the methods VowelA, VowelE, VowelI, VowelO, VowelU, constantsW and etc.) Finally, through the format method the array list is converted back into a string with the correct formatting. 

*Palindrama: Palindrama really enforced the importance of nested for loops. Through the Palindrama method, the first for loop goes through each letter beginning at the start of the word and the second for loop goes from the last letter of the word. The method palidrome is then called to check whether or not the word is a palindrome. The for loops keeps going until it the longest palindrome is found and returned. 

*Hangman: The assinment for hangman required me to create a way to compare two different strings together, and find the similarties. I also had to create a plus one, which added my own unique twist to this code. My plus one was importing a text file, which contained a list of random words. That way everyone who plays gets a random word. In addition, to make this game a game of pure chance I also made a random number of guesses each time the user plays.
